README.md, before:

# FMC

Vanilla enhancements fabric mod

## Installation

1. Download fabric loader from [here](https://fabricmc.net/use/) (does not require Fabric-API, loader is enough)

2. Download latest FMC-fabric release from [here](https://github.com/Flourick/FMC-fabric/releases).

3. Once you run fabric loader a mods folder will be created in your *.minecraft* directory. Move the `fmc-fabric-X.X.X.jar` there.

## Features

List of main features. Everything is configurable in in-game options menu called 'FMC...'

### Crosshair

This disables crosshair changing it's color based on background and instead let's you choose the static color yourself. You can also set the scale of the crosshair. You can still scale the crosshair even if you don't use the static color feature.

If you use a crosshair from a resource pack that is already colored or you wish to have a crosshair that has multiple colors, set the color to white (RGB: 255, 255, 255) which will make it so only colors from the resource pack are used.

NOTE: Crosshair in resource pack is the upper-left 15x15 pixels in *assets/minecraft/textures/gui/icons.png*

### HUD Info

Shows your location, pitch, cardinal direction and block light while ingame.

### Disable 'W' To Sprint

The header says it all. Gets rid of one of the most annoying features.

### Death Coordinates

Sends your last death coordinates in chat after you respawn (only visible to you).

### Tool Breaking

Has two independent modes:

#### 1) Warning

When your tools go below 10% durability and have 12 or less uses a red warning text appears on your screen for three seconds. Can be either on top of the screen or above the hotbar. Text size can be changed in settings.

#### 2) Prevent breaking

This is disabled by default as it can break the vanilla experience. Makes your tools stop working at certain durability at certain tasks (ex. pickaxe won't break blocks at durability 1 and won't hit mobs at durability 2). This does NOT include any armor, shield and carrot on the stick.

### Cloud Height

Allows you to set the height at which clouds render (0 - 256)

## Preview (v1.1.5)

Static crosshair color, HUD info, death message & tool breaking warning.

![hud](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33128006/91038667-70387b80-e60b-11ea-9ee0-2e28d4d7d6f2.png)

Ingame menu (default settings)

![menu](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33128006/91038699-7cbcd400-e60b-11ea-8a37-7998e7525345.png)

----

If you have any suggestions you can email me at: you@flourick.me

Commit message:

Fullbright keybind, Fabric-API dependency

README.md, after:

# FMC

Vanilla enhancements fabric mod

## Installation

1. Download fabric loader from [here](https://fabricmc.net/use/) (**REQUIRES** Fabric-API! Get it [here](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api))

2. Download latest FMC-fabric release from [here](https://github.com/Flourick/FMC-fabric/releases).

3. Once you run fabric loader a mods folder will be created in your *.minecraft* directory. Move the `fmc-fabric-X.X.X.jar` there.

## Features

List of main features. Everything is configurable in in-game options menu called 'FMC...'. Keybindings are configured in the usual Controls menu (FMC category).

### Crosshair

This disables crosshair changing it's color based on background and instead let's you choose the static color yourself. You can also set the scale of the crosshair. You can still scale the crosshair even if you don't use the static color feature.

If you use a crosshair from a resource pack that is already colored or you wish to have a crosshair that has multiple colors, set the color to white (RGB: 255, 255, 255) which will make it so only colors from the resource pack are used.

NOTE: Crosshair in resource pack is the upper-left 15x15 pixels in *assets/minecraft/textures/gui/icons.png*

### HUD Info

Shows your location, pitch, cardinal direction and block light while ingame.

### Disable 'W' To Sprint

The header says it all. Gets rid of one of the most annoying features.

### Death Coordinates

Sends your last death coordinates in chat after you respawn (only visible to you).

### Tool Breaking

Has two independent modes:

#### 1) Warning

When your tools go below 10% durability and have 12 or less uses a red warning text appears on your screen for three seconds. Can be either on top of the screen or above the hotbar. Text size can be changed in settings.

#### 2) Prevent breaking

This is disabled by default as it can break the vanilla experience. Makes your tools stop working at certain durability at certain tasks (ex. pickaxe won't break blocks at durability 1 and won't hit mobs at durability 2). This does NOT include any armor, shield and carrot on the stick.

### Cloud Height

Allows you to set the height at which clouds render (0 - 256)

### Fullbright

Self-explanatory. Useful for caving and in Nether. Default keybind is *'r'*.

## Preview (v1.1.5)

Static crosshair color, HUD info, death message & tool breaking warning.

![hud](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33128006/91038667-70387b80-e60b-11ea-9ee0-2e28d4d7d6f2.png)

Ingame menu (default settings)

![menu](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33128006/91038699-7cbcd400-e60b-11ea-8a37-7998e7525345.png)

----

If you have any suggestions you can email me at: you@flourick.me
